
This is the PowerWall, a touchscreen we assembled here at Waterloo. It's
made up of eight computer screens, as well as an optical frame that can
detect where your fingers are, to allow for touch input. Because the frame
uses cameras to detect where your fingers are, it will sometimes see your
fingers if you allow them to rest near the screen. (Demonstrate).
Because of this, try to keep your fingers straight and pulled back from the
screen while interacting with it. Likewise, you may find it more reliable if
you try to work with your hands closer to the centre of a screen, instead of
overtop of a seam between two screens. (Demonstrate). When you tap on the
screen, be sure to give it a quick, brisk tap. (Demonstrate.)

The screen can be a bit sticky, so feel free to apply some hand powder if you
feel it improves your interaction with the screen.

The task you'll be performing is a straightforward target-acquisition task.
Red targets will appear on the screen, and your task is to select the targets.
You don't need to rush -- feel free to go at whatever
pace is comfortable. You will be given breaks to rest at several points
during the experiment to make sure you aren't tired out. The targets will
appear at the corners of a rectangle, starting from the upper left and moving
down, up, down, right, left, right, up, down, up, left, right, left. Then
the targets will change size and the rectangle will change sizes.

You will be using three different interaction methods during this experiment.
The methods will be explained when you're required to use them.

Absolute:
This method is straightforward tapping. When you see a target, simply walk
over to it and touch the target with your finger. Be sure to tap briskly.
(Demonstrate.) You may stand wherever you'd like while using this technique.
Try not to run; simply move casually, like you would if you were using this
screen in public.

Drag:
This method will be familiar if you've used a touchscreen device before.
Using two or more fingers, you may grab and pull the screen toward you,
allowing you to select distant targets without having to walk toward them.
You may simply tap on targets briskly to select them. (Demonstrate). The grey
area underneath your dragging hand is a dead zone -- no touches are registered
in that area, so you will need to lift your hand or move the screen if the
target is inside of it.

Cursor:
With this method, you may simply tap on targets that are close to you.
However, you also have another option: by holding three or more fingers to
the screen, and using another finger to drag on the screen, you can create
a cursor under the dragging finger. You can lift the dragging finger at any
time, as long as your other fingers are kept on the screen. (Demonstrate.)
While the cursor is visible, when you tap on the screen with your dragging
finger, it will click at the location of the cursor, instead of the location
of your finger. When all of your fingers
are lifted from the screen, the cursor will vanish, and you can tap to click
on targets as normal. You will use your finger to tap on targets that appear
in front of you, and the cursor to tap on targets that are outside your
comfortable reach.

Relative:
Because this is a relative technique, you will need to stand in a specific
position. When the program tells you to stand at a specific position, be sure
not to cross the line marked on the floor with your feet while using the
interaction technique. It's okay if your body stretches outside of the area,
as long as your feet stay inside it.
